Update 4.4.0 changelog with ruleset changes (#15865)
wazuh/wazuh: CHANGELOG.md

- Deprecated `GET /manager/stats/analysisd`, `GET /manager/stats/remoted`, `GET /cluster/{node_id}stats/analysisd`, and `GET /cluster/{node_id}stats/remoted` API endpoints. ([#14230](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/14230))

### Ruleset 

#### Added

- Adding support for new sysmon events. ([#13594](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/13594))
- Adding new detection rules using Sysmon ID 1 events. ([#13595](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/13595))
- Adding new detection rules using Sysmon ID 3 events. ([#13596](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/13596))
- Adding new detection rules using Sysmon ID 7 events. ([#13630](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/13630))
- Adding new detection rules using Sysmon ID 8 events. ([#13637](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/13637))
- Adding new detection rules using Sysmon ID 10 events. ([#13639](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/13639))
- Adding new detection rules using Sysmon ID 11 events. ([#13631](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/13631))
- Adding new detection rules using Sysmon ID 13 events. ([#13636](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/13636))

> - Adding rules for Sysmon ID 20 events. ([#13673](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/13673))

Reviewer: Why is this line using a different format with respect to all previous ones?

Author: it is not a different format, it is a new file that wasn't present before. It is not detection related change.

Author: Anyway, I did change it

- Adding new PowerShell ScriptBlock detection rules. ([#13638](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/13638))

> - Added HPUX 11i SCA policies using bastille and without bastille. ([#15157](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/15157))

Reviewer: What does it mean with and without bastille? It sounds weird.

Author: Bastille is a HP-UX tool hardening tool. We have implemented both policies as there are HP-UX admins that doesn't use bastille at all.

#### Changed

> - Update ruleset according to new API log changes when user logged in with authorization context. ([#15072](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/15072))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated ruleset according to new API log changes when the user is logged in with authorization context. ([#15072](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/15072))
```

- Update 0580-win-security_rules.xml rules. ([#13579](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/13579))
- Update Wazuh MITRE ATT&CK database to version 11.3. ([#13622](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/13622))

> - Updating detection rules in 0840-win_event_channel.xml. ([#13633](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/pull/13633))

Reviewer: It sounds a bit strange to use update or updating interchangeably.

Author: changed
